# Report 7 - Week of 10/12/2023 #

### During this week, I worked on constructing the Rhino model for our mindful meditation Bloom and the first full-scale model test out with the help from Adorey.

### The difficulty mainly lies in the following points:
1. Make the structure/skeleton to be strong and rigid
2. Anchor the servo at a proper location to trigger the entire movement of petals
3. Properly attach petals to the structure so that they can rotate smoothly but within constraint
4. Connect the central rotation disc with the petals with fishing line. Properly control the distance between each layer of petals by making a knot on fishing line under each petal.
5. Attach the central rotation disc with the servo to see if the servo can actually pull up the petals via rotation.

In order to make the actual fabrication process smoother, I decided to make the 3D model first in Rhino. The Rhino Model also served as a rough measurement of the rotation angle of the petals, The below images show the two status of flower opening and closing up.

Here is the 3D model of the flower structure in Rhino. There are four vertical spines supporting five rings (shown in red), each ring has 8 petals. Servo is placed on top level with a rotating disc attached to its head with two inner platforms slotted into the vertical spine to anchor the servo.

---

### You can read the deisgn specification [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1IRLeagtgZijVZ8jcxHtoBIZcy9kE9jKGmdVBJSnqfk4/edit) at Google doc
The specification will be updated to markdown file later if required. 😎
